Hairline docs and default axis (#149)
Rightpoint/Swiftilities: Pod/Classes/HairlineView/README.md

# HairlineView

> A UIView that can be defined by axis, thickness and color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `UIView` that has an intrinsic size in one axis and is freely resizable in the other. Has a fixed axis, line thickness, and color.
```

## Default Appearance

<details>
<summary>Screenshots</summary>

> <p>

Reviewer: #? why the paragraph tags? Doesn't GitHub Markdown automatically add these when you do `\n\n`?

Author: I think it had something to do with keeping multiple screenshots side-by-side in the Acknowledgements readme. Left here as a convenience in case we added more screenshots, but I'm cool to remove.

<img src="HairlineTableCells.png" width="200">
</p>

</details>

### Quick Start

> A simple 1 pixel, horizontal, darkGray hairline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple 1-point, horizontal, dark gray hairline:
```

Author: This seems to suggest that it is one pixel:
`CGFloat(1.0 / UIScreen.main.scale)`

Reviewer: My mistake. Updated suggested change.

```swift
let hairline = HairlineView()
cell.contentView.addSubview(hairline)
hairline.translatesAutoresizingMaskIntoConstraints = false
hairline.widthAnchor.constraint(equalTo: cell.contentView.widthAnchor).isActive = true

> hairline.bottomAnchor.constraint(equalTo: cell.contentView.bottomAnchor).isActive = true

Reviewer: This hairline will be horizontally ambiguous - needs a constraint for x-position. Also, would be nice to have a comment about how you don't have to give it a constraint for height because it defaults to horizontal.

Author: nice catch; copy paste error
